[Music]
hey guys do you have five minutes to
spare and chest muscles you'd like to
build up and tone great then I've got
the perfect workout for you and don't
worry you don't need to run to the gym
to do these exercises just get in some
comfortable clothes and let's give them
a try exercise number one jumping jacks
will first need to warm up and get your
chest muscles ready to work
jumping jacks also increase your stamina
and burn calories the most important
thing is to do them right so let's recap
stand up straight with your feet
together and your hands down by your
sides then jump your feet out to the
sides all while raising your arms up
above your head follow that up by
quickly jumping back into the initial
position all clear
awesome let's do ten for today ready and
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten good just make sure to increase
the number of reps as you get more used
to the exercise ideally you should
perform at least thirty jumping jacks
per training but let's move on now that
your blood pumping
exercise number two push-ups an oldie
but a goodie push-ups are a must-have in
any exercise regimen if you're looking
to sculpt your packs which are the main
muscles in your chest the cool thing is
that they also work your core muscles
improve your posture and build up
strength in your lower back and
shoulders again it's all about the
correct form lie on the floor belly down
with your hands apart right under your
shoulders and your feet hip-width apart
then lift your body off the floor
keeping it completely straight from
there lower yourself back down without
touching your body to the floor freeze
for a sec and go back up again don't
forget to breathe you should exhale as
you go down and inhale when you go up
now let's do it ten times on my count
and one two three four five five four
three two one
great job hey I didn't goof you up with
accounting did I as you get better at it
you can make push-ups even more
challenging by adding bricks under your
crib this will give you a wider range of
motion to really pump up those pecs
exercise number three mountain climbers
let's add to that core push-up form by
involving the glutes quads hamstrings
and core mountain climbers are also
pretty aerobic so you'll burn calories
and increase your stamina while hitting
all those muscle groups to do them get
into a push-up position with your arms
and legs extended now bend your right
knee and draw it closer to your chest
freeze for a sack extend it back to the
initial position and do the same thing
with your left knee keep changing your
knees like that as if you're running and
make sure those abs are engaged and
pulled in the entire time but enough
chitchat let's get to it each time that
right foot hits the floor that's one rep
ready go
why to
three
for
five
six seven eight nine and ten whoo that
was intense right like with any exercise
routine add reps as you build up your
strength and stamina but for now let's
keep chugging along exercise number four
spider-man push-ups this exercise works
pretty much the same as mountain
climbers as far as balance goes you need
to keep steady so your chest abdominal
and shoulder muscles really have to work
to achieve that so get into a push-up
position again from there lower your
body towards the floor just like you did
with a regular pushup
but now lift your right foot and swing
your leg out sideways as well
your goal is to touch your right elbow
with your right knee lift your body back
up again while returning that leg to the
starting position and you guessed it do
the same thing with your left knee and
elbow you're gonna switch right left
right and each knee touch on the right
side is one full rep inhale when you
lift exhale when you lower ready go one
two three
four five six seven eight nine and ten
fantastic exercise number five single
arm raises it's better to perform this
exercise with dumbbells so you can
either invite a couple of my friends or
two bottles of water or anything with
weight to it that you can comfortably
grip will suffice two single arm races
are great for sculpting your upper body
and giving your chest the definition it
needs this exercise engages your abs to
your starting position should be lying
on your back and holding a dumbbell in
your right hand your elbow should be
bent at a 90 degree angle with the
weight facing toward the ceiling now
press it directly over your chest by
straightening out your arm hold it for a
sec and then lower your arm back down
hey easy peasy
let's start with your right arm and one
two three four five six seven
eight nine ten now switch over to the
left side ready and ten nine eight seven
six five four three two one
awesome don't put your weights away just
yet we have two more exercises to go
exercise number six circular arm raises
why stick to up and down movements when
you can take it to a full 360-degree
journey circular dumbbell raises work
the side muscles in and around your
chest so this will really sculpt them
out nicely start by lying on your back
with your dumbbells or water bottles
just outside your hips but instead of
pressing them up this time you have to
lift both of them at the same time from
your hips right along the sides of your
chest and over your head when you do
that freeze for a sec and then return
back to the starting position with the
same circular movement out to the sides
y'all set one full circle is one
complete rep and go one two three four
five six seven eight
come on nine you got it
tap whoo you're doing great keep that
energy up for the last exercise exercise
number seven inclined arm raises the
grand finale of today's workout really
packs a chest building punch inclined
arm raises generate more muscle activity
than push-ups and that's saying
something they target your pectoralis
chest muscles biceps triceps and
deltoids just to name a few and I did
ideally you should do this exercise on
an incline to bench but not everybody
has one of those at home so lying flat
on your back will also suffice hold your
dumbbells or water bottles in your hands
with your elbows bent at 90 degrees and
the dumbbells in line with your temples
exhale and slowly press the weights up
by straightening your arms over your
chest freeze get back to the initial
position and repeat all that over again
just ten reps will do for today but feel
free to add more in the future
ready set go one two three pull those
abs in four five six seven eight nine
and ten you did it if your arms aren't
feeling too rubbery then give yourself a
pat on the back you deserve it now your
job is simple come back to this workout
at least two to three times a week be
persistent and patient and enjoy your
chest transformation just don't forget
to share your results with me later good
luck now
do you know any other cool chest
exercises tell me in the comments below
remember to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click Subscribe
to always stay we're on the bright side
of life